so puse combo in the house and I have
another free-for-all for you guys on
strike i'm using ak-74 you know site
with bandolier stopping power and steady
aim this is kind of old and I was just
trying to get some head shots with this
gun to finish off for my gold uzi which
I got today but somehow my spidey senses
were tingling and I knew that guy was
there so I dropped some drop shot hit
him yeah the reason why I'm not using a
site on the 70 for you is because of my
friend rocco told me not to and because
it does more damage without a site what
that doesn't matter but since school is
too rapidly approaching and summers
coming to an end I want to talk today
about the future of my channel and how
many videos i will be posting and other
stuff like that see as you guys may or
may not know I'm going into my first
year in high school and it's a big
transition from middle school in the
high school there's like a lot more work
homework activities and stuff that I
will be taking part in in and out of
school staying after school you know
homework and stuff what everyone loves
but yeah I will be a lot more occupied
than I was last year and I will have a
lot less free time
but don't you guys worry I guess what
I'm saying is that I obviously won't
have enough as much time all my hands as
i do now and i obviously won't be
putting out as many videos as I do now
but my goal is for when school starts is
to put at least two videos out a week
maybe stay up with my analyzed videos I
don't know if you guys saw them but
might yeah that's my goal um also I have
sports and everything after school and
stuff so but yeah two videos a week
doesn't sound too difficult but if I
ever I'm feeling kind of crammed with my
work and everything else then I'll let
you guys know in a video saying that i
won't be posting as much but yeah since
it's still a summer and there's still a
month left for me my goal is to put out
40 videos for you guys i have 30 right
now i think and
yeah I think I would be able to do that
with ease I have a couple videos saved
on my computer that I could that I just
have to do commentary on and then i'll
upload them but maybe that's what i'll
do i'll just record a bunch of videos
now and publish them without commentary
and when the time comes during the
school year i can just do a quick
commentary over them or something but
whatever you guys want then i'll do it i
don't care but yeah um now i'm going to
talk about some of the future videos
that are going to be on my channel i'm
hoping to do a couple dual commentaries
in the near future one with rockman 15
online i gave him a shout out last video
got him a couple subs I'm pretty happy
about if we got he's a modern warfare 2
player and end up like a ps3 first
person shooter player I guess but yeah
he's uh videos are pretty fun and I
think doing a dual commentary with with
him would be pretty fun too he goes to
my school and he like lives like five
minutes away from me so it wouldn't be
that hard but yeah other than duel
commentaries a couple other things are
holy beje-- anchors I have 96 subs and
for more means 100 subscribers in my
what month and a half which is extremely
good in my opinion I'm sure a lot of
people gotten a lot more subscribers in
the first month but uh
hundred is a lot for me it means a lot
and I will be releasing a call of duty 5
montage that I did I'm not sure if you
guys know that yet oh yeah that guy's
AFK or something i always like to say
he's in the bathroom but he could just
be picking his nose or something but you
know leave comment below telling you
what you think he's doing because i
really don't know and i will review all
of these funny answers and i'll put what
i think is the funniest answer in my
next video along with your channel name
and possibly give you a shout out you
guys want that I don't know but yet um
so future videos I'll keep up with my
analyze series obviously my next episode
I sent in the fourth one I don't know
when you guys are viewing it but it's
not up right now the fourth one was
about the pistols and my next one
episode 5 is going to be about the
submachine guns
and I don't know what episode 6 is going
to be about but it's pretty cool so yeah
but other than those videos I think I'm
just going to keep uploading regular
game plays such as this and
some funny some funny clips or mini
Taj's and stuff that I do but yeah so
yeah dudes um oh just something funny I
saw today I was looking at my youtube
channel thing in sight and it telling me
about my subscribers and stuff and like
ninety percent of my subscribers are
from the United States obviously but I
have one subscriber I was like colega
jonkers I have a subscriber from Sweden
but yeah that was pretty cool and I just
a quick question for you guys should I
trademark the word bird Yonkers and
officially like make it mine just leave
it in the comments below and let me know
but yeah hope you guys enjoyed watching
this and thank you for watching it I'll
see you next time convoy out